There is a new rubric in the neo magazine
By the way, Mr staeck of the week is that
Now I shit like to start today
at irregular intervals people
honor the things you just pull through
although everybody let him say that
people with tunnel vision stay better
simply committed contestants for the good
these brave ones have these silent heroes
a big heart and above all they have
and today campino singer sang the
legendary düsseldorfer punkband die
dead pants like real punker
you are only interested in being one
to help people in africa and who
knows better how to help africa
as you and a white 32 million pounds
serious one hit wonder popstar named
Bob Geldof Of course there are always a few
crazy cold-hearted know-it-alls
they say that's it already
not quite clear who is here for a long time
actually, to whom more attention
helps bob geldof africa or africa
bob geldorf but campino that's you
Shit if you say his opinion
the British do not shut up you have
do not be afraid even before bola and first
not really from bob geldof
publicly attached to the pranger
be because you have no bock
join
Africa is in the midst of a short-term need
christmas our help and at the time
especially money for the fight against ebola
maybe as much as 215 million
but still prefer 834 million euros
but how should a simple düsseldorfer
punker as you campino come to money
you would just have to be okay then older ones
brother michael can call because of
insolvency administrator of the lehman brothers
and has committed his firm
get a fee that somewhere between
215 million and 834 million euros
But why is the family pumping
just before christmas if you
campino can do something for yourself
Humanity is much more valuable than
money artistic commitment and therefore
Do you have a few friendly musicians?
called and the german band aid city
founded on
[Music]
Yes
the band thirty are like the name
already says 29 topstars and no love
cynical hater thats not just
all artists just their new
promote or advertise an album
running or upcoming tour well
can use
These are not all the stars only
join in because the record company
universal music end reaction stands and
Make a flat contract with universal
Music is what these stars are all about
really just about africa for example jan
Joseph is always there
if he can help
this is not about his ego that is
disinterested has civil courage and
he has courageous before he is
got up and said where always
back ferrero I always think about that
fair production conditions if cacau
comes from west africa and he will have him
just recently big four
aerotec found out how many products
by ferrero are really fair or crew
Great finally one of the band aid
30 projects face also gives
also the camp for a long time
together with the world's most important
animal and environmental protection organizations
against the hunger in the world I had
my question in one plus one same
So two is a coke light and one
snack rap more deserved for two Euro
there actually more gained
I still have something to it and since last
friday offer campino is the song
then outside and that's natural
shit no matter how the people find the
because it is about africa and against ebola
and, of course, people should listen to the song
buy then it is actually okay
not to load the song on the plate
you go down if you are the song acts
or not is secondarily clear
of course they are asking themselves again
cynical hater if it is not for the
song goes why do you do it then why
don't donate money for africa
just so with it an ebola patient what
Delicious food is enough yes
already two euros
a snack is a drink it is two
Euro
and then you give the music video campino you
ebola no chance you fight for the
would the people of west africa
even to the price of the would
people in west africa on facebook
i read campino that jan josef
liefers and anna loos from the suffering of
People in West Africa are so shocked
They were only 20 hours behind
Publishing the song no different
could without hesitation to the next
plane to rise just because
It must be four days short break in new
to make york
to put on the musical kinky boots there
look
probably around on the
climate damage senseless air travel
German comedy actor actor
to draw attention also ultimately
of course, your deserving campino you have
iron has pulled through it is about the
good thing and for transparency
donate to the band project so land
but pulls the affected people
as if you yourself from gibraltar
africa with money advertise campino many
Thanks and now the pointe comes all of us
agree on who your band aid
project shit finds faster
as a cynical hater stamped as one
Syrian refugee choir
average zdf cabaret audience
to tears can stir but what in the end
really important is what people are into
Keep West Africa from your project
because they have to be lucky
the people of west africa are talking about it
Do not worry if
people from Ivory Coast or from
Liberia from all over West Africa on youtube
you want to see your song
really very elaborately reduced and
tried it because we did not do it ourselves
then they could only believe that
here is the video from the user
Unfortunately, ebola areas are blocked
ask me two questions on the series know
it's christmas you do not know
the song is property of universe in
music now thanks campino for this
thought out at all levels
We need you and help
yours
[Music]